Document payment modules pre 2.1.0 (#134)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/payments/overview.md

---
id: payments
title: Payments overview
---

There are many way to integrate payments in Front-Commerce. We support different payment workflows, payment modules from different platforms (Magento2 …) and Front-Commerce can also process payments itself with Front-Commerce payment modules.

In this section, you will learn how payments can be added to an application. It contains **installation guides** for supported payment method for each platform along with **implementation guides** so that one can implement new methods.

- [Understanding payment workflows](/docs/advanced/payments/payment-workflows.html)
- [Front-Commerce payments](/docs/advanced/payments/front-commerce-payments.html)
- [Magento2 headless payments](/docs/advanced/payments/magento2-headless-payments.html)
- [Stripe](/docs/advanced/payments/stripe.html)
- [Paypal](/docs/advanced/payments/paypal.html)
- [Payzen](/docs/advanced/payments/payzen.html)
- [Ingenico](/docs/advanced/payments/ingenico.html)

> Payments are a sensitive part of any eCommerce store. Our team is dedicated to make projects a success and we recommend you to [get in touch with us](mailto:contact@front-commerce.com) so we can provide recommendations about payment integration. **We are always looking for supporting more payment methods.**

Author: ```suggestion
Payments are a sensitive part of any eCommerce store. Our team is dedicated to make projects a success and we recommend you to [get in touch with us](mailto:contact@front-commerce.com) so we can provide recommendations about payment integration. **We are always looking to support more payment methods.**
```
Indeed! It sounds better I think.
